# ESQChatbot
Creating a AI chatbot that emphasizes privacy and security.
	In the modern world, AI chatbots have rapidly entered society, and have become increasingly more commonly utilized for business, personal use, and even governmental affairs. While chatbots have proved useful, there are many concerns surrounding them due to security issues. This research proposes to develop an AI chatbot that successfully provides accurate recommendations to prospective students while prioritizing security. The hypothesis is that if an AI chatbot is able to provide personal recommendations for users and protect their security, it will create greater trust within AI. To create the AI chatbot, our user interface will be modeled through Gradio and the data will be processed with Python and Scrapy library. Gradio provides the appropriate user interface to ensure one on one conversation and develop the user experience. Scrapy allows the needed information about UMD to easily be transferred within the code, a needed tool to provide proper recommendations. Once created, this chatbot will be tested on its response. Different user inputs will be put into the algorithm to guarantee that the chatbot can successfully respond to users regardless of their terminology. If the chatbot proves to be successful, it can be incorporated in the UMD system for student advising. Due to the small number of college advisors, many students have to wait a long time before they can be advised. An AI chatbot will reduce stress put on staff and respond to students quickly and efficiently. In conclusion, this project aims to provide personalized aca
